## Code Running Instructions:

The library versions used were:

Numpy version: 2.0.2

Torch version: 2.7.0+cu118 - although I use CPU as I found this to be faster for me somehow.

Python version: 3.12.10 (tags/v3.12.10:0cc8128, Apr 8 2025, 12:21:36) [MSC v.1943 64 bit (AMD64)]

### In all cases, please run all cells up to and including 4.1.3 (Training Loop) as they are.

#### 1. To generate the graphs used for noise testing, please:

1. Change NOISETESTING to True and run this cell - this will take approximately an hour (it did for me)
2. In the following cell (above 4.4), change SHOW_NOISE to True and run this cell

#### 2. To generate the hyperparameter models (these are saved in a "save/" folder):

1. In cell 4.4, change TRAIN to true
2. Run this cell. This will take approximately 2 Hours but this is dependent on your CPU.
   - you will be able to see per-epoch performances of these models on the noised validation set

#### 3. To evaluate the models generated by (2), please:

- The following presumes that you have run the training code.

1. Run 4.5.0 and 4.5.1. There is no need to change RUN_SAVED_TRAINED_AGENTS to equal true
   as it is called in the cell below.
2. After having run them (without changing flags). Please change GENERATE_SCORES in cell 4.5.2 to equal True.
   This took my PC about 30 minutes to run, and it will generate quite a few tables, some of which
   I used in my report.

#### 4. To train the final agents upon which we evaluate reward functions:

Note: In 5.1, Change the desired base seed in RUN_EPOCH_AGENTS to the one desired. I did not have time to save models in a seed-specific folder so this will have to be done manually. - e.g., for seed 5, use "VARIED_BASE_SEEDS = [5]" For all of them, you can leave it as it, but note that this will only save the models
for the last seed, although it generates curves for every seed.

1. In cell 5.1, please change RUN_FINAL to true. This will also generate files which we can use to see a learning curve. Run this cell. This will take approximately 45 minutes to an hour - it took this long for me.

Note: setting

#### 5. To See per-epoch performance analysis for reward testing, please (after having run cell 5.1):

1. Note that because of the lack of per-seed agent saving, you will only be able to do this for one seed at a time. Apologies.
2. Change RUN_EPOCH_AGENTS to True.
3. Run cell 5.2. This will show per-epoch agent performance. However, to do this for all seeds you will have to change the base seed manually and re

#### 6. To see learning curves and other analytics of these final models:

1. Run everything up until 5.1 (but not including 5.1). Ensure the following flags are set to false:
   - TRAIN
   - RUN_SAVED_AGENTS
   - GENERATE_SCORES
   - RUN_EPOCH_AGENTS
2. Set VARIED_BASE_SEEDS = [1, 3, 5, 7, 9]
3. Set RUN_FINAL = True
4. Run Cell 5.1
5. In 5.2, Set RUN_EPOCH_AGENTS to False and run this cell
6. Now run 5.3, 5.4 and 5.5 sequentially
